JOURNAL.md, before:

# 14/11/25 

## Start!
Back for another week of cad! This time, I'm making a rocket! Or rockets. Right now, I'm planning on making a space shuttle! It'll be super cool. But before i even work on that, I wanna make a cartoony rocket! This week is gonna be a BLAST! (heh, get it?)

## The Body. 
I did this relatively quick, as i just made a sort of sketch, then just revolved the body!

Here's an Image!

<img width="523" height="688" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0893d2e1-6e2b-4a94-a8e6-a77e5275e248" />

Time taken: 0.8hrs

Total Time taken : 0.8hrs

## Fins!
I made some fins! Took me a couple mins to figure it out

Here is the image of that!:

<img width="520" height="484" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2548735a-0add-45cf-8b65-8dc2747fe400" />

Time taken : 0.5 hrs

Total time taken : 1.3 hrs

## Done!
I finished making the first rocket!
I added windows to the rocket and coloured it in its entirety! This took me 0.7 hours

<img width="704" height="535" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9e745103-3926-4841-a113-0fba9b0667b4" />

TT: 0.7

TTT: 2H

## Sketch
God this took me soo long to do. I finally did the sketch, now im off to extrude. I'm gonna be in a constant cycle of sketch and extrude and sketch and extrude.

<img width="1174" height="773" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d8bf27b-5236-4484-b023-e27eb35bded8" />

TT: 1H

TTT: 3H

## Finished initial extrudes!
I finished some of the initial extrudes and rocket boosters! This took me like 1 hour to do, the majority of the time went into the rocket boosters, god they were soo anoying to work out.

<img width="1185" height="555" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/98744480-83cc-454d-b29f-58c084cbbded" />

TT: 1H

TTT: 4H

## WHAT?? HOW'D THE TIME FLY?
this should NOT take this long. The repetitive act of extruding and filleting prolly took the time. Although I did make quite a bit of progress, I might be now doing some work near the front :D

<img width="1783" height="744" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72084a96-5753-4c3c-ba56-60aa3e15c279" />

TT: 1H

TTT: 5H

## Update! 
I changed the first sketch so that I can make future extrudes and fillets easier. I also filleted the wings - alot, Now it looks really smoooooth!

<img width="1323" height="586" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a88179d-9628-458c-a16f-78d2223ee08c" />

TT: 1H

TTT: 6H

## Why is this soo anoying???
I spent another hour just trying to rectify the fact that I messed up a part near that engine thing, it was like off centred by soo much, i tried mirroring, using the move tool, everything, i just then remade the entire thing and mirrored the sketch, then it worked. I also did alot of filleting! :D

****<img width="1348" height="498" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1c077311-57eb-47da-80f6-aa74bb7c8ccc" />

TT: 1H

TTT: 7H

Commit message:

Document project completion and final adjustments
Added detailed updates on the project progress, including time spent and final touches.

JOURNAL.md, after:

# 14/11/25 

## Start!
Back for another week of cad! This time, I'm making a rocket! Or rockets. Right now, I'm planning on making a space shuttle! It'll be super cool. But before i even work on that, I wanna make a cartoony rocket! This week is gonna be a BLAST! (heh, get it?)

## The Body. 
I did this relatively quick, as i just made a sort of sketch, then just revolved the body!

Here's an Image!

<img width="523" height="688" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0893d2e1-6e2b-4a94-a8e6-a77e5275e248" />

Time taken: 0.8hrs

Total Time taken : 0.8hrs

## Fins!
I made some fins! Took me a couple mins to figure it out

Here is the image of that!:

<img width="520" height="484" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2548735a-0add-45cf-8b65-8dc2747fe400" />

Time taken : 0.5 hrs

Total time taken : 1.3 hrs

## Done!
I finished making the first rocket!
I added windows to the rocket and coloured it in its entirety! This took me 0.7 hours

<img width="704" height="535" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9e745103-3926-4841-a113-0fba9b0667b4" />

TT: 0.7

TTT: 2H

## Sketch
God this took me soo long to do. I finally did the sketch, now im off to extrude. I'm gonna be in a constant cycle of sketch and extrude and sketch and extrude.

<img width="1174" height="773" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9d8bf27b-5236-4484-b023-e27eb35bded8" />

TT: 1H

TTT: 3H

## Finished initial extrudes!
I finished some of the initial extrudes and rocket boosters! This took me like 1 hour to do, the majority of the time went into the rocket boosters, god they were soo anoying to work out.

<img width="1185" height="555" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/98744480-83cc-454d-b29f-58c084cbbded" />

TT: 1H

TTT: 4H

## WHAT?? HOW'D THE TIME FLY?
this should NOT take this long. The repetitive act of extruding and filleting prolly took the time. Although I did make quite a bit of progress, I might be now doing some work near the front :D

<img width="1783" height="744" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/72084a96-5753-4c3c-ba56-60aa3e15c279" />

TT: 1H

TTT: 5H

## Update! 
I changed the first sketch so that I can make future extrudes and fillets easier. I also filleted the wings - alot, Now it looks really smoooooth!

<img width="1323" height="586" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6a88179d-9628-458c-a16f-78d2223ee08c" />

TT: 1H

TTT: 6H

## Why is this soo anoying???
I spent another hour just trying to rectify the fact that I messed up a part near that engine thing, it was like off centred by soo much, i tried mirroring, using the move tool, everything, i just then remade the entire thing and mirrored the sketch, then it worked. I also did alot of filleting! :D

<img width="1348" height="498" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1c077311-57eb-47da-80f6-aa74bb7c8ccc" />

TT: 1H

TTT: 7H

## I spent 2 more hours.
I spent 2 hours just making sure everything looks good, I filleted the entire rocket, It looks awesome! It's pretty much done, all that's left is to colour in the rocket!! This is legit just sketch, ectrude, fillet and edit previous sketch.

<img width="937" height="531" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/453516b7-1ae9-4726-bf7a-3de3dedbb4f5" />

TT: 2H 

TTT: 9H

## FINALLY GOD DAMN DONE!!!
I SPENT LIKE 3 HOURS ON THIS. IDK HOW, I COLOURED IN EVERY.. SINGLE.. LAST BIT!! MY SLAVING AWAY TURNED OUT PROFITIABLE!! It looks.. AWESOME!!

I'll have some cool renders in The Readme

<img width="918" height="574" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5e5d5b02-4e05-495c-bb56-26054a2e05ad" />

TT : 3H

TTT: 12H
